fix(guide): improve progressively rolling in strict mtls doc (#1967)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/guides/progressively-rolling-in-strict-mtls.md

The [MeshTLS](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/meshtls/) policy allows you to gradually migrate services to mutual TLS without dropping a packet.

## Prerequisites
- Completed [quickstart](/docs/{{ page.version }}/quickstart/kubernetes-demo/) to set up a zone control plane with demo application.

## Basic setup

> In order to be able to fully utilize MeshTLS policy you need to enable [Mutual TLS](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/mutual-tls/) (mTLS), and we can do it with `builtin` CA backend by executing:

Reviewer: I thought that we're not supposed to use `we` to indicate `us` and the `user` rather you should use `you`. Do I remember it correctly?

```suggestion
In order to be able to fully utilize MeshTLS policy you need to enable [Mutual TLS](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/mutual-tls/) (mTLS), and you can do it with `builtin` CA backend by executing:
```

Author: In this documentation, I found that `we` and `you` for several times. Are there any norms for this?

Reviewer 2: Yeah. I don't know. There's a Vale rule that warns you about it. Both sound weird sometimes but probably "you" is better. Kubernetes uses "you".

> In order to be able to fully utilize MeshTLS policy you need to enable [Mutual TLS](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/mutual-tls/) (mTLS), and you can do it with `builtin` CA backend by executing:

Reviewer 2: Add a line

```
mTLS
```

alphabetically to `.github/styles/config/vocabularies/Base/accept.txt`

The [MeshTLS](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/meshtls/) policy allows you to gradually migrate services to mutual TLS without dropping a packet.

## Prerequisites

> - Completed [quickstart](/docs/{{ page.version }}/quickstart/kubernetes-demo/) to set up a zone control plane with demo application and make sure you enabled mTLS from the quickstart.

Reviewer 3: Wouldn't it be better to just add the step with configuring mTLS in this guide? I do this in my namespace scoped policies and I think that we need something specific we should just reconfigure it in guide to make sure users have right config

    linkStyle 1 stroke:#555a5d, stroke-width:2px;
{% endmermaid %}

### Enable port forwarding for both demo-app

> ```bash

Author: @slonka Do you have better title here?

> ```bash

Reviewer: > You might want to say to do these in different terminal windows

yes

> Do you have better title here?
I think the title is fine, we could go with

> Enable port forwarding for both demo-apps

```

After this redis will be receiving plaintext traffic from non-meshed client.

> You can go to {{site.mesh_product_name}} GUI (port 5681) Data Plane Proxies `Stats` section on `redis` in `kuma-demo-migration` namespace, and you should see this metric increment :

Reviewer 3: can we have a screenshot from gui to show exactly where to look for this stats?

```

After this redis will be receiving plaintext traffic from non-meshed client.

> You can go to {{site.mesh_product_name}} GUI (port 5681) Data Plane Proxies `Stats` section on `redis` in `kuma-demo-migration` namespace, and you should see this metric increment :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can go to the {{site.mesh_product_name}} GUI, check the `Stats` tab for the `redis` Dataplane in the `kuma-demo-migration` namespace, and you should see this metric increment:
```

Finally, to set strict mode you can either edit the policy or remove it (the default is taken from `Mesh` object which is `STRICT`).

{% tip %}
**Things to remember when migrating to strict TLS**

> Before changing a workload to `Strict` mode check that `tls_inspector.tls_not_found` stat is no longer incrementing.

Reviewer: we no longer use this stat to indicate this, we're using https://github.com/kumahq/kuma-website/pull/1967/files#diff-2f2247fada7fc4374636439b1747188dfc75fb57ae927de5bd76780696012f4dR101 so it should be something like the difference between `inbound_POD_IP_6379.rbac.allowed: 809` and `cluster.localhost_6379.upstream_cx_total` from up the point of the migration should  be 0. Not sure how to clearly indicate that.

Reviewer 2: We also sometimes say metric and sometimes stat. Which I think is probably pretty confusing, it should be always pointed out how to get this value. Since stats are not used in almost all mesh operations

Finally, to set strict mode you can either edit the policy or remove it (the default is taken from `Mesh` object which is `STRICT`).

{% tip %}
**Things to remember when migrating to strict TLS**

> The difference between `cluster.localhost_6379.upstream_cx_total` and `inbound_10_42_0_13_6379.rbac.allowed` before changing a workload to `Strict` mode equals that after changing it.

Reviewer: This seems more correct to me, but would love input from a native speaker - @michaelbeaumont - can you take a look?

```suggestion
If there is only encrypted traffic sent to the destination the difference between `cluster.localhost_6379.upstream_cx_total` and `inbound_10_42_0_13_6379.rbac.allowed` before changing a workload to `Strict` mode will equal that after changing it.
```

Reviewer 2: My suggestion:

```suggestion
If only encrypted traffic is sent to the destination, the difference between `cluster.localhost_6379.upstream_cx_total` and `inbound_10_42_0_13_6379.rbac.allowed`  will not change after setting the workload to `Strict` mode.
```

"that after changing it" isn't right and "the difference doesn't change" sounds better than "the difference equals .."
